Downloaded from
YTS.MX
This program is rated G
and is suitable for
general audiences.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪ I see the crystal
raindrops fall ♪
♪ And the beauty
of it all ♪
I believe love is defined
by two things.
First. what we see.
Then. what we feel.
Dancing was a staple
in our house.
It was my parents' personal
love language.
But even more.
I could feel the love in
everything we did together.
♪ Just the two of us
♪ We can make it if we try
Our principles were simple.
Keep God and family first
and everything else
will work itself out.
My mom was my dad's queen
and I was his princess.
It was perfect.
until it wasn't.
As my parents grew
in their respective careers.
work started to take precedent
over family.
And I guess we kind of
lost balance.
♪ We gotta go...
I'll never forget the day
my dad moved out.
It was the saddest day
of my life.
♪ We can make it...
They were growing apart
and decided divorce
was the best option.
Once Mema moved in
everything changed.
I went from a carefree princess
to a worrisome daughter.
overly concerned with trying
to make everyone else happy.
As sad as I was.
I think I was more hurt
seeing my parents
become shells of themselves.
I vowed that one day I would
perfect this thing called love.
And now I have my own prince
to create my story with.
Mm-hmm! Oh!
You still got it.
I still got it.
Someone woke up in
a good mood today.
Well. this somebody happens
to be the luckiest man
in the world.
Even after five long years
of marriage?
Even after five
long. long...
Okay. okay.
So. this mood of yours
wouldn't have anything to do
with a special upcoming date?
Upcoming date?
Ahh! Our anniversary.
I guess you got me.
Someone has to bring
the excitement. right?
Excuse me?
Well you tend to be more of the
Debbie Downer around this time.
Debbie Downer? Really?
Okay. okay you're right.
But I mean we know why.
It's never about us.
Well. this year
let's be intentional
about making it about us.
And possibly adding
a. you know.
I hear you. Really.
Starting tonight.
Oh.
What's oh?
I forgot I told Kam
that we could host
her and her new boyfriend
for dinner tonight.
Why'd you do that?
Sorry. I mean she just
really wants you to meet him.
Why me?
Because only a king
could recognize
another potential king.
I guess. that cheesy line
is supposed to work on me?
Did it?
You're so good to me.
I promise after dinner
it's just you and me. okay?
- Can't wait.
- Bye.
Oh. so nice of you
to join us.
Please don't start.
I actually had to stop by
the store for our date tonight.
Oh. my bestie.
Uh-uh. now I'm your bestie?
Okay. I just need a minute
to get my chi together.
Well. you better put
your chi on pause.
Miss Sally's been waiting
for you since the doors opened.
Oh.
Relax.
I already did her shampoo
and conditioner.
Oh. that's why I love you.
Mm-hmm.
Well. actually I just wanted
to tell you more about Rahsaan.
Girl. I can't thank you enough.
I mean. as soon as you
told me he was a lawyer
I was interested.
Of course.
No. but seriously.
He is so much more.
Alicia. I'm telling you.
He's funny. a gentleman.
Oh. and what I love the most is
that he's not flashy. you know?
Girl. I do not need
his whole resume.
Arnold is the one you need
to convince.
He wasn't too thrilled about us
double dating tonight.
Oh. please tell him to be nice.
We will not stay long.
Oh. I know.
Oh. yeah. it's your anniversary
coming up.
I hope you planned
something romantic.
Let me get this straight.
You think me having a romantic
evening with my husband
will get him to sign off
on your relationship?
You make it sound
so out of the question.
Twist and down.
Up and down.
Scoop in. up and back two three.
like a rubber band.
And finish strong.
All on the heel.
Oh.
Looks great.
Apologies for interrupting.
Not at all.
Dr. Roberts. class
was actually ending.
We were just going over
some new moves.
Looks really good.
Now remember that dancing is
bigger than the physical body.
When you extend your arm
the energy continues
past the fingers.
Claim the space.
Nice work everyone.
Those are great thoughts
to reflect on.
Uh. everyone. You heard
those words.
Let's bring the action
on Thursday.
Great job everyone.
Thank you.
Just wanted to check in.
see how our new associate
professor is adjusting.
Everybody's raving
about your work.
Oh. that's great to hear.
You know. we would love to have
you join us for a whole class.
Oh. no. no. no.
Those days are long gone.
Oh. I beg to differ.
You are considered an icon
in our industry.
Well. thank you.
You know. I would love
to pick your brain over lunch.
It doesn't have to be today
or anything. but...
Yeah. We should have lunch. definitely.
We'll talk about choreography
and the studio. et cetera.
That'd be great.
- Nice work.
- Thanks.
Woah. that looks great on you.
Really?
I don't know. I think I liked
the other one more.
It's more comfortable.
I could move more in it.
Just get both.
- Jack. it's not...
- No. I insist.
Well. if you insist.
Yes. Morgan you'll have
to reprint all the programs.
They are not going out with
all those grammatical errors.
Okay. thank you.
Nobody proofreads anymore.
I'm sorry I'm late.
You know how hard it is for me
to leave campus
without running into 20 people
who needs something from me.
I understand.
Hmm. I can't go into my next
meeting smelling like tuna.
I apologize. I know.
it's not your look.
I'll make it up
to you tonight.
I'll come over. I'll make
my famous spaghetti.
You know how much Arnold
loves it.
Yeah. That he does.
But um. I can't tonight.
I'm actually having Kam
and her new boyfriend over.
Ah.
But. I mean. I can cancel
if you want.
Oh. don't be ridiculous.
You sure?
I'm fine. Of course.
of course. of course.
I'll still make the spaghetti.
I'll save some for Arnold.
And. I mean. Mema
still has to eat.
Mema probably
has a date tonight.
You're right.
She probably does.
But still. it's all right.
I'm fine.
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Just you and your work.
I'm sorry.
Mom. don't you think it's time
that maybe you got
back out there?
Where exactly is
"there" located?
Look. just because
I'm alone
doesn't mean I'm lonely.
And also I have you.
What else do I need?
- Um.
- Go ahead.
Okay. really. I will make it up
to you next time.
It'll just be you and me.
No phones. okay?
I promise. I love you.
Love you.
Hi there. Yep. okay.
On my way...
Well. the good news is
I think you got one for
every day of the week now.
I think you might be right.
Yeah.
Hey princess.
Hey. Oh. I didn't realize
you were out.
I can try you later
if you want.
No. no. no.
Timing's perfect.
Um. I'm actually out with Jada.
You want to say hi?
Um. no. That's okay. Dad.
Hey Alicia.
Nice to see you.
Hi Jada.
Hey. so what's up?
Oh. nothing.
I just wanted to see
if you were free but...
We're actually heading
to lunch.
You want to come with? I can
swing by and pick you up.
Oh. that's okay.
I just ate. but maybe
next time?
All right.
Well. love you.
Love you too.
Take care. Bye.
I mean. most importantly
the work is rewarding.
Long hours and way
too much paperwork?
Thankfully I get to see
this beautiful face
when I'm not working.
Oh. isn't he cute?
He's doing so much
for the community.
That's great. man.
I wish this web developer
could share about
how his work is inspiring
the world.
Don't sell yourself short. boo.
The apps that you create
help us all stay connected.
- It's important work.
- Thank you.
Do those dating apps
really work?
I mean. sure.
Um. some people seem
to find them effective.
Different times I guess. huh?
Yeah.
Can you imagine our parents
meeting through a phone app?
Well. my parents were destined
to fill each other's life
with torture. no matter if
they met through technology.
arranged marriage. or
any other dating means.
What about your parents?
What's that? Oh. they
are divorced.
I'm sorry to hear. Uh...
No. it's fine.
It's been years.
But. yeah. they would not
fare well on those apps.
My mom is too busy to search
for herself. and my dad...
well he doesn't even know
what he's searching for.
Well. I'm thankful for you
pairing us together.
That's right.
Because lord knows I didn't know
what I was doing.
Mm-mm.
To The Love Doctor.
Love Doctor.
I'll take it.
Thanks for coming.
That Rahsaan seemed
pretty cool.
Bit of a know-it-all.
but he's cool.
My dad texted earlier that he
and Jada agreed to take a break.
Which means he broke up
with her.
Well. you didn't care too much
for her anyway. right?
She was okay.
I mean. it really wasn't
about her.
He's always finding these women.
building them up.
and then when things get
too serious he just leaves.
I'm just so over both of them.
I mean. my mom isn't any better.
On a positive note
it seems like The Love Doctor
has scored another one
with Kam and Rahsaan.
I did. didn't I?
Maybe we should get you to
design one of our dating apps.
Maybe.
Anyway. enough about everyone
else for the night.
I just want to cuddle up.
Now that I can get with.
That can't be.
But we both know it is.
Are you sure you don't
want some. Arnold?
I made plenty.
I thought your friends
were still going to be here.
Oh no. I'm fine.
Thank you. Brenda.
That is really thoughtful
of you. Mom.
Yeah. Definitely a surprise.
You know. I'm actually
about to head to bed. so.
Should I go?
No. no. no. no. Mom.
You're fine.
Are you sure? I don't want
to stay too long.
I don't want to intrude.
No.
It's cold in here.
Are you cold?
- Just a little.
- Yes. It's chilly.
I'll turn it up.
Oh. thanks.
- Thanks babe.
- So nice.
He's such a good man.
You better take care of him.
What is this?
Hmm.
"Organic Chemistry brings back
the concept of courting.
"parties involved are truly
able to communicate.
"taking the time to create
a bond while discovering
"the other person both
mentally and emotionally."
Babe.
I think I just solved
our problem.
Well. in a sense you did.
And before you say anything.
the solution doesn't
even involve me.
What are we talking about?
Your new dating app.
Organic Chemistry.
It's perfect for my parents.
Wait. what? This seems
like a lot.
You really think
they'd go for it?
You just said that your mom
thinks she's fine.
Besides we designed this app
specifically for
open-minded people.
What are you trying to say?
True. she will be a hard sell.
But once I convince her that
we need our space. then...
Like you did tonight?
Fair. I probably
should've spoken up.
But this babe. this is
our ticket to freedom.
Are you excited?
This is good.
Hey Dad. Wait. wait. wait.
slow down.
No. A DM's not an app.
It's when you directly
message someone.
Let me get my "I told you so"
out of the way now.
No. no. no.
So that's what this
daughter-daddy time is?
You trying to get me to use
some new dating service?
The apps I'm using
are just fine.
First of all. you just learned
what an app is.
And secondly. I brought
you here
because I love spending time
with my dad.
And I would argue that your
dating life isn't going well.
Just saying.
What are you talking about?
My life is just fine.
What. Jada?
Mm-hmm.
She wanted something
I couldn't give her.
That's the problem. Dad.
I mean. every time things
get serious you get cold feet.
Here. It's the latest
from Arnold's company.
Organic Chemistry.
It's dedicated to helping people
like yourself to take the time
to create a bond while
discovering the other person
both emotionally
and mentally first.
Why do I feel like I'm listening
to an infomercial.
Basically. it's not like
those other dating sites
where you're simply swiping
based off of physical appearance.
That's what's been steering
you wrong. Dad.
I'm just trying
to help you out.
I'm fine.
Oh. come on.
just give it a try.
If you don't like it.
I won't bug you again.
So. I'm assuming that means
if I don't try
you're going to keep bugging me
until I do.
- Every day.
- Yeah.
Okay. that's better.
I gotta say.
I just can't believe
I'm taking class with
the great Dr. Roberts.
You're from Ailey.
to Philadanco.
to Ronald K. Brown Evidence.
I mean. I could go on.
It's flattering that you know
my resume so much.
You've created a great body
of work yourself.
Well. hopefully
under your tutelage
it will only continue
to grow.
Hey Mom.
Oh hi. This is a nice surprise.
Yeah. Just thought
I'd stop by and say hi.
- Hi.
Mr. Staples. this is
my daughter. Alicia.
Alicia. this is Mr. Staples.
He's our new associate professor.
He's bringing some fresh energy
into the program.
You're too kind.
A pleasure to meet you.
Likewise.
All right. Well. um. thank you
again. Dr. Roberts.
Looking forward to putting
our lesson today into practice.
Great. Good work.
Ladies.
Take care.
Okay.
What?
Oh. nothing.
Nothing at all.
Now. I know why you've been
so busy with work.
Oh. please.
My relationship with Mr. Staples
is completely professional.
- -Okay. Dr.
- Roberts.
Anyway. I know you didn't come
here just to say hi.
What's up?
How rude. but okay. Here.
What's this?
It's an online dating app
from Arnold's company.
They developed it. It's-
Nope.
Hear me out.
It's completely legit.
I think this could be a good
option for you. Mom.
Option implies that
I'm looking and I'm not.
And I get that.
But that doesn't mean
you're not missing out.
Look. I know you love spending
time with me and Arnold.
I just want you to have
the same thing for yourself.
Is this your way of telling me
that I'm too much
of a third wheel?
No. No. not at all. Mom.
We love your company. It's-
Look. I really appreciate
your genuine concern.
but I am fine.
And online dating.
it's not my thing.
Well. dating is not really
your thing. Mom.
Yes. there is a stigma
with finding someone online.
but this site seems genuinely
dedicated to helping people
make genuine connections.
I'm sure it is.
But it's a hard no.
Look. can you at least
browse the app?
I don't even know
what that means.
Come on. I have to go.
Promise me then you'll at least
find some time for yourself?
I can't have you becoming
one of the Golden Girls.
Thank you. Clearly you can see
I'm vertically challenged.
Um...
Well. you have a good night.
Thanks. You too.
Thanks.
Hey there.
I was just about to call you.
You need anything while I'm out?
No. But I wanted to call you
to tell you that The Love Doctor
strikes again.
Oh boy. What are you
talking about?
You said my parents wouldn't be
on board with the dating app.
They actually said yes?
Well. my dad is a solid yes.
My mom. soft no.
But when I ask her tomorrow
she'll be in.
You know what's not funny
is I believe you used
that same strategy on me.
Maybe.
I love you.
I love you too.
Hey Mom. Did you want
to play another game?
Hmm?
I had a long day at work
so I hope you don't mind eating
the leftover spaghetti.
- I actually ordered Chinese.
- Mmm.
That's even better.
Are you wearing makeup?
- Hi.
- Hi. Come on in.
Mm. Smells good.
We can go upstairs if you want
to stay down here.
No. Hello Mr. Cornelius.
It's nice to see you again.
Hi.
Yeah. Okay.
Gotcha.
- Look at this.
- No!
Take that.
Tell Alicia and Arnold
I said hi.
Excuse me?
You're going over
to their house. right?
I mean. where else would
you be going at this hour?
- Hit me. hit me. come on.
- Oh.
I thought I heard
something outside.
- Put one down.
- Come on. give me a shot.
Come on now.
No. everything's all right.
No. you're too lucky.
What are you doing? No!
Okay. Bren.
You're too lucky.
I wonder who that could be.
Hey Mom.
I can't believe what
I'm about to ask you.
What was the name
of that site again?
Mom. really?
You're going to do it?
This is good. this is good.
Okay. please calm down.
Okay. Um. I will call
you tomorrow
and we'll walk through it.
Okay. You won't regret it.
I promise.
I don't even want to know.
She's going to do it.
The Love Doctor
strikes again.
Okay.
I did it.
So you want me to put
my picture up on this site
but I can't see
the other person's?
Yes Mom. But they can't see
you either.
It gives you a chance
to really open up
before the other person's
picture starts to unblur.
I don't know. Sounds
a little strange to me.
Dad. trust me.
It's safe.
Okay. remember.
Connect emotionally and then
you get to meet them.
Think of it this way.
It gives you a little
more mystique.
And women actually like
a little mystery. Dad.
All right. Mom.
How does this sound?
An ambitious entrepreneur
looking for a dancing partner.
I don't know. It sounds
a little...
A little true. Mom.
you can't fool me.
I know you're tired
of being alone.
Okay fine. But also put serious
inquiries only.
Okay. "Doctor Roberts."
All right. So I'm looking
for an independent woman
that exudes confidence.
That all sounds fine and
everything but where's the fun?
Movies. dancing.
Bingo. Dad. you are a retired
corporate attorney.
You need to start entertaining
a serious relationship.
not one where you're just paying
for everything.
All right. All I need now is
the name that you want to go by.
What do you want
the most out of this?
I want you to stop bothering me
and giving me a headache.
Hmm. Sounds like
"Finding Peace."
Just a good time.
Nothing too serious.
Laughter's a must.
Perfect. "Looking to Laugh"
it is.
Trust me. The Love Doctor's
got this.
Oh. come on.
The wind took that.
You know. I've seen you play
in real life. right?
What's going on?
I'm trying to figure out
what to do for our anniversary.
Five years in the game
and I think it's time
that we add to the team.
How's Alicia feeling
about that?
She's so busy playing
matchmaker for her folks
that her mother might end up
having a child before we do.
For real.
She set them both up
on Organic Chemistry.
Our site?
Uh-huh.
Oh. well that's a win. right?
The quicker you can get them out
of y'all hairs.
the quicker you two can get
to the game plan.
I guess. later.
Alright. You know where
to find me.
Swish.
So. is Rahsaan the one?
I don't know about all that.
but he's definitely the one
for right now.
Girl. I am not messing
with you.
You need to be messing
with your husband.
Starting that again. huh?
I'm not starting nothing.
You know how you get
when you start playing cupid
for everyone but yourself.
Okay. so what?
You're in a relationship
for two weeks
and suddenly you're
a relationship expert?
Hmm. And on that note.
thanks for closing up.
Wait? What?
Bye sis. Love you.
Love you. too.
So. how was your day?
It was fine.
How about yours?
Same. Oh um. Kam said things
are heating up
between her and Rahsaan.
Score one for
The Love Doctor.
Hmm. And I'm almost done
setting up my parents
for romance.
Wow. make that three.
Hey babe. the game's about
to start. Do you mind if I...
- Yeah. sure.
- Yeah?
Hey babe. I'm just
going to go
finish up their profiles
real quick.
but do you want to cuddle up
and watch a movie after?
Sure.
Yeah. if I'm. if I'm still up. Yeah.
Oh. okay.
Everything is plant-based
and mostly raw.
Oh. so good.
M-mom? You're exaggerating
okay?
It couldn't have been that bad.
It was worse.
The first date got
separation anxiety
when I told him to put
his phone away.
The second date. he needed a job
and he was 15 minutes late.
and he had the nerve to say that
he left his wallet in the car.
Are you serious?
What did you do?
I waited for him
to go get it.
Well. I mean you can't
give up
after one or two
bad experiences.
I mean I will admit the whole
experience reminded me
of how much I like a
little companionship.
So maybe I'm open to finding
someone again but not like this.
All right. I'm going to get
some rest. I love you.
I love you too.
Say hi to Arnold and try
to stop by later this week.
I will. And sure. Bye.
You okay?
Go ahead. You know you want
to say you were right.
What? No. that's not...
that's not like me.
But I mean. was I right?
No?
Online dating's
for millennials.
I just need a good book.
Although having someone to laugh
with wouldn't be so bad.
No. I'm going to cancel
this account right now.
Oh. my god. you are so funny.
Too funny.
Finding Peace?
I thought I would surprise you.
I hope that's okay.
Wow.
Hi Marcus.
Hey.
See you later.
What?
Nothing. It's just really nice.
And needed.
Which reminds me.
What about a log cabin
for our anniversary?
They say the traditional
fifth year gift is wood.
Think about it.
Just you and I. nestled up
in front of a warm fire.
Mm. That does sound nice.
Mm-hmm.
I just know with my schedule
it's just hard to get away.
I should've thought about that.
But you might be
onto something.
How about we do some
sort of staycation?
Maybe a room at a fancy hotel?
Mm-hmm.
Okay. You're not going
to believe this.
but guess who has
a date tonight?
Who? Not your mother.
Yeah.
Well. that's good.
You should go call her.
You sure?
Yes. yeah. please.
Before she shows up here.
I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
But you know how the last
few dates turned out.
You know what?
You're right.
I should probably go meet her.
Yeah. I'm going to go help.
Yeah. that makes sense.
I think I might head to happy
hour with Marcus anyway.
Okay. Sounds good.
Just make sure to bring
this home with you.
I love you.
This was great.
We'll do more of this.
Alicia was a nice surprise.
Yeah. It was cool.
Definitely unexpected.
Sounds like there's
a "but" coming.
No. it was great.
But it's just that the other
day I was in the store.
Mm-hmm.
And this woman. she smiled
at me and I don't know...
What do you mean?
No. no. no.
Nothing like that.
Look. I guess it just felt good
to feel attractive.
You know I love my wife.
See. the worst phrase
a man can start with
is "you know I love my wife."
Okay. no look.
Lately it just feels like we've
been going through the motions
and the intimacy's been missing.
Have you shared this with her?
Yeah. yeah.
I know. I know.
- Look. I always tell you. man.
- I gotta communicate.
Oh yes. Yes. yes. yes.
Wow. Mom. You look amazing.
You really think so?
Of course. Here. let me
take a photo.
I feel like it's prom.
You do look nice.
Thanks.
Leaving nothing to
the imagination. but...
Oh.
Mema. she's fine.
Still don't know who
this mystery man is. though.
Well. we decided to reveal
our faces in public.
We thought it would be fun
to just wait and see.
So. he's not even coming
to pick you up.
Nope. I'm meeting him
at the restaurant.
In my day. a gentleman escorted
the lady on their date.
In your day. I don't think
a gentleman
even saw a woman at night
unless they were married.
Oh!
Ooh. I got you.
Okay. Just make sure you call
me if you need anything.
Anything.
Just relax.
Aren't you the one
who encouraged me
to get back out there?
I'm fine. And thank you.
You got this.
Brenda?
Jack?
What are you doing here?
Uh...
I mean. this is weird.
the two of us. you know.
Well. I don't mean like that.
I mean.
Why am I talking
with my hands?
Uh. hi. Wow.
It's... This is. this is crazy.
Look at you.
You look stunning.
Well. thank you.
I. I can't. I can't
believe this. um...
I know right?
It's been a minute.
Yeah. What. since
Alicia's wedding?
Alicia's wedding.
That's right.
Yeah. Wow. That was
a beautiful day.
It really was.
Hey look. You know.
I don't...
I don't want to hold you up
or anything.
I just wanted to come
and say hi.
Yeah well you know. I don't
want to hold you up either.
I mean. I assume you're
with someone.
Yeah. well I mean they're
not here yet.
But um. I mean you're
welcome to have a seat if...
Oh. no. no. no.
I wouldn't want
your lady friend to.
you know. look at
me sideways.
It's not even like that.
I'm assuming you're here
to meet a gentleman anyway.
I am here to meet
a gentleman. yes.
Well. you know. it was. it was
really good seeing you.
Yeah. You as well Jack.
you as well.
Hey Brenda. Look. I don't
mean to bug you.
I. uh. you did say you were
meeting someone here. right?
Yeah. They said they're
here already.
Yeah. Same here.
So. this person. you
didn't happen to meet them
on a dating app. did you?
Organic Chemistry.
Finding Peace.
Oh. No no no no.
You're Looking to laugh?
Alicia.
I told her it was a bad idea
this online dating thing.
Are you kidding me?
We gotta at least give her
credit for at least caring.
I mean. it's just...
Wow.
Yeah. Hey. you haven't eaten
yet though. right?
No. I haven't eaten.
Neither have I and uh.
well you know.
we're both hungry and
you look way too nice
to waste this dress.
So. I've got a table.
how about dinner?
I...
Just dinner.
Oh.
Hmm?
Okay. just dinner.
Just dinner.
Dinner.
Thank you.
How much is my half?
Come on. Brenda.
You know me well enough to know
I won't accept your money.
I just want to make it clear
that this wasn't a date.
Of course.
But can't a man show a beautiful
woman a little gratitude
for a lovely evening?
It was a lovely evening
and very unexpected.
Thank you for dinner. Jack.
Yeah. you're welcome.
Woah. hey. woah. hold on.
Uh-oh.
Oh. come on. Just one
for old times' sake.
One for old times?
Yeah. Just one.
I can't believe you had us
battle that other couple.
Oh please. you loved it.
I did until you started to
break out that Soul Train line.
Okay. maybe that was
a bit much.
A bit?
Oh. my gosh.
You remember when you took me
to see this movie?
How could I forget?
You wouldn't sleep
without the lights on.
Shh.
Oh. my goodness.
Brenda! Is that you?
Uh. yeah Mom. it's me.
I'm just. I got up early
to clean.
I'll be quiet.
I'll be quiet so go back
and rest.
Get up. Get up.
Time to get up.
- Hey. Hey. what?
- Get up.
Can't let Mema see you here.
Get up.
Okay. okay. okay. okay. okay.
Can I at least get some coffee?
No. you can't get any coffee.
You have to go.
Let me get your jacket.
Millions of people
on the internet.
only I would reconnect
with my ex-husband.
Well. the irony is. it wasn't
that bad. was it?
No. but you don't know me
anymore and I don't know you.
Okay. But the familiarity
is nice.
At least it is for me.
Yeah. sure.
You know you gotta admit.
I mean. it's funny how
our daughter unknowingly
found a way to get us
back together.
No. we're not back together
and she can't know
about this. okay?
Brenda. I didn't mean
it like that.
Of course. my lips are sealed.
I'm not going to say anything.
Okay. Let me uh. sneak out
before your mother catches me
in my old house.
It's nice to see you.
Morning beautiful.
Hey. Do you know. I called my
mom about four times last night
and she's yet to return
my call?
Your mother's grown.
She probably stayed out later
than she's used to
and she's simply recovering.
She hasn't been out in years.
True I guess.
Did you speak with Mema?
Mema? No.
No. I didn't want it to seem
like I was checking up on her.
Which you are.
Haha.
What about Jack?
What's the latest with him?
Well. um. he's been quiet too.
But. um. we're meeting up for
a walk in the park so we'll see.
You know. that would actually
be nice for us to do sometime.
I... I know.
- Goodbye.
- Love you.
Come on. come on. I got
good energy today.
I'm sure.
It must be all that hanging
out in these streets
that's giving you life.
The streets?
My. have times changed. huh?
Exactly.
Because now you're acting
more like the teenager.
What are you laughing at?
Who's the parent now?
I'm just saying Dad.
it's irresponsible not
to return my call.
What. I told you
I had a date.
Which you still haven't said
anything about.
I mean anything
could've happened.
I was worried. Dad.
Okay. okay. okay. okay.
All right. look.
You're right. I'm sorry.
I apologize. okay?
I should've called and let
you know I was fine.
Okay. well thank you.
But from the looks of it
seems like you had a good date.
Yeah. I did.
So?
So uh. it was great.
She was great.
Okay. it feels like I'm pulling
teeth here.
What did you guys do?
What does she look like?
What is her name?
Give me something.
She's beautiful.
we ate. we danced.
we had a great time.
Aw. look at you.
So when's the next date?
You know. I don't know.
We. uh. I think we both decided
that maybe there won't be
a next date.
What? I'm confused.
She's still trying
to get over an ex.
I see.
Well just give it time.
I mean. you know
you have a habit
of being affectionately overbearing.
Just let her know that you'll
wait as long as she needs.
You can still take it slow
and get to know someone. right?
Okay. Come on Miss Advice.
Okay. okay take it slow
on the way back. okay?
Come on.
I can't really keep up
with you anymore.
Come in.
Hey.
Jack. what are you doing here?
I see some things
haven't changed.
Still burning the midnight
oil. huh?
Well. it's not exactly midnight.
Yeah. well it's not quite
office hours either.
May I?
Um...
Just. just. just hear me out.
Hold on.
This morning when you said
that. you know.
we don't know each other.
At first it bothered me
but. you know.
I started thinking about it
and you're right.
You're absolutely right.
We don't know each other.
I mean. I've certainly changed
since we were together
and I'm assuming you have
as well.
Yes. I have.
So. I was thinking. um.
why don't we.
I don't know. spend some
time relearning each other?
Relearning each other?
Okay. I don't even know
what that means.
Uh. last night really was great.
I'm just. I'm not interested.
Oh. Sorry. Doctor Roberts.
Do you have a minute?
Yeah sure. of course.
Just hoping you could
sign-off on this formation
before I head out.
Yeah. No problem.
- It looks great.
- Yeah.
Yeah. terrific.
- I'm pretty happy with that.
- Great.
Okay. I'll let you get back
to your meeting.
- Okay. Goodnight.
- Goodnight.
You know. you could've
introduced us.
Yes. I could have.
So. is that the reason why
you don't want to hear me out?
No. Well. he's a colleague
and that's none
of your business.
Okay. You're right.
You know what. back to us.
See but there is no "us"
is the whole point. right?
Why do you want to meet
so badly?
I don't know.
I just. I think there's a lot of
things we haven't spoken about.
Well. because we haven't spoken
for a long time.
Do you want closure
or something?
No. no. I wouldn't
call it closure.
A check-in?
Look. last night was fun.
It was great.
It was special.
A moment is all I'm asking.
Oh come on. I mean is it wrong
for two people
that's familiar with each other
to share a moment?
It's not that simple.
Well. it could be.
Let's. let's just go out
as friends.
As friends?
Friends. yeah. Acquaintances.
Whatever you want to call it.
We'll keep it simple.
You know. knowing
the two of us
I'll probably get on your nerves
before tomorrow anyway.
So. this will all be irrelevant.
It is probably true.
As friends.
That's it.
All right.
Cool.
Okay friend.
All right. I'll call you.
Okay.
♪ It's me
♪ Then it's you
♪ Completely take my mind
and renew ♪
♪ Renew
♪ So amazing I can't let
you go away♪
♪ Every time I move
♪ You pull my heartstrings
to stay ♪
♪ When I wake in the morning
♪ it's you
♪ I lay down at night
♪ My heart opens like a door
to you ♪
♪ it's you
♪ When I close my eyes
♪ When I pray to God
♪ it's you
♪ My love
♪ It's you
♪ Heartbeat right here
next to mine ♪
♪ It feels so right
♪ I don't know a love
of this kind ♪
31.
I'm talking about that look
on your face.
Clearly this new friend of yours
has left an impression.
You can brush me off
if you want.
But I know that look.
Shoot. I invented that look.
Your father.
God rest his soul.
would keep me smiling
just like that
even when we weren't in
the same room together.
Actually. I haven't seen you
smile this much since...
I'm happy for you.
Just take it easy.
Your heart is fragile.
Always has been.
And make sure whoever he is
is aware of that.
Okay.
You haven't asked me
to cover your shifts.
Make any reservations?
What's up?
I think we're going
to keep it simple.
Arnold mentioned something
about going to a cabin
over the weekend.
Whatever you decide
you might want
to leave your phone at home
over the weekend.
Don't think I haven't noticed
you checking your phone
all morning.
Your mom's going to call you
when she's ready.
It's just so not like her.
You know she cancelled
our weekly lunch date?
Just relax. crazy.
I'm sure Arnold would love
to enjoy his wife
without parental interruptions
for once.
Okay.
Easy big guy.
Looks like someone needed
to relieve some stress.
What's up?
My wife seems more interested
in her parents' love life
than planning our family.
Your parents have
been honeymooning
since you've been born.
Alicia's broke up. what.
when she was 12 or 13?
What's that got to do
with it?
As another divorce child
I can tell you.
that wound doesn't heal quickly.
Give her some grace.
And again. let her know
how you feel.
If you tell her you want a child
and she doesn't.
well that's a different issue.
But at least you know
where she stands
instead of trying to guess.
Let's get back to it. man.
All right.
Nice of you to check in
on me.
And as for your mother.
she's been running around here
with her head in the clouds.
Yeah. Seems like this guy's
really got her going. huh?
Mmmhmm.
Have you met him?
No.
She insists it's not serious
enough to bring him around.
She just left here
not too long ago.
said they were headed out
to Selena's.
I just told her not to have
her fancy tail out all night
running in the streets.
Anyway. how's that husband
of yours?
He's doing good.
Actually. I need to go home
to meet him now.
All right. well. I won't
hold you up.
And finish that tea
before you head out.
Yes. ma'am.
And listen...
I know how much you care about
your mother and your father.
Ever since their divorce
you've been working
to put the pieces of the puzzle
back together.
But you have to realize
that's their puzzle.
Your joy lies in you.
Piecing together
your own journey.
Hey there.
I thought we could start
this anniversary a little early.
Aww. I wish I had known.
I actually made us reservations
at Selena's tonight.
Oh.
I should've called.
How about we go there
and we can save
this amazing meal you planned
for tomorrow night?
Selena's on a weekday. huh?
Doesn't even sound like you.
Okay. As you know. my mom
has been short with me all week.
Of course.
I should've known it had
something to do
with one of your parents.
Look. hear me out.
So. I go to Mema's house to look
for her and she's not there.
So. Mema tells me that
she and this guy
are going to Selena's tonight.
So. you spent all day worrying
about your mom.
but now you want me to join in?
I mean. not just for that.
I figured we could...
- A romantic stakeout.
- Exactly. Sounds fun. right?
No. I'm going to pass.
Oh. come on.
We can eat and catch them
in the act. Win-win.
For who?
See. I don't get why
you're so obsessed
with what your mom
or your dad are doing.
As long as they're happy.
what's the issue?
Well. I knew you were going
to say that.
Maybe Kam will come with me.
I'm not going to be gone
that long. I promise.
Look. I hope you find
whatever it is you're
actually looking for.
Babe.
Remember when you froze
in the middle of your speech
at your company reception?
Oh. yeah.
And you had to get up
and finish my thank yous.
Mm-hmm.
I've always hated
public speaking
and you're so good at it.
Always walking on the outside.
You're such a gentleman.
You know it used to frustrate
me when you'd be mad at me
and wouldn't let me walk
on the outside lane.
It drove me crazy.
I know.
Woah. woah.
- What? What's the matter?
- We can't go in there.
Why not?
Look. Alicia and Kam.
Oh. no. no. We can't
go in there.
Okay. Don't worry.
I got a backup plan.
Okay.
Why do I feel this was
your plan all along?
Of course. it was.
I staged Alicia catching us
going out to dinner together.
Do not give me
that much credit.
Speaking of which.
what have you told her about
the person you're seeing?
Mm.
Just that she's the most
amazing woman in the world.
I'm serious. I've been trying
really hard to avoid her.
I just. I don't know
what to say.
I mean. we can't tell her
about this.
She'd be devastated.
What. that her parents
are back together?
Back together? I'm...
Brenda. You know
what I meant.
Jack.
This last week has been
great fun.
Let's just call it what it is.
It's a fling.
A fling?
I wouldn't say that.
Well. outside of the laughs
and the romance.
what have we actually
discussed?
Signing those divorce papers.
that was the worst day
of my life.
And sure we've been cordial all
these years for Alicia's sake.
but we never even
checked in on each other.
And for years I was
questioning myself.
What could I have
done differently?
What could you have
I didn't even date.
I wasn't even interested
in a man in that way.
Then just as I'm about
to give love another shot
you magically appear and...
Okay. So. is that a bad thing?
I don't know.
I'm confused.
What happened to us?
Brenda. we were young.
You know. we were both trying
to make a name for ourselves
in our respective fields and
somehow I think we just lost
a sense of our priorities
and started putting work first.
And then. you know. I started
having these weird feelings
like the more I tried to protect
you the less receptive you were.
Well. see that's the whole
thing. Jack.
Protect me from what?
I was looking for a partner.
I didn't need another father.
It was like... it was like
you didn't want me
to grow or something.
No. no. no.
That wasn't it at all.
I just... I stopped knowing
how to make you happy.
And then I didn't feel needed.
You know. at some point
I didn't even know
where my place was
in your busy life.
Your place was
right by my side.
Championing me.
Just like I would you.
Right. right. right.
I get that now.
No. but you can't
get that now
because we're just now talking
about it.
I don't know.
I just know that I don't want
to live in a bubble
knowing that it will
eventually burst.
I'm going to go.
I need to go home.
Brenda.
No I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Brenda. Brenda.
Hey. I um. special ordered
you some breakfast
from Selena's last night.
It's just in the microwave
if you want to heat it up.
Thanks. But keeping it light
this morning.
Got a late night so I'm going
to grab something
on the way home from work.
There's leftovers from last
night if you want that later.
Look. I'm sorry
about last night.
Did you catch your mother?
No. no. She wasn't there.
I shouldn't have gone.
Arnold.
What. Alicia?
I know we need to talk.
so can you just please say
what you're thinking?
What I'm thinking.
I don't know. to be honest
with you.
You don't get it.
I mean. your parents
are different...
Yeah. My parents have been
together for 40 years now.
Thank God.
And I couldn't imagine either
of them without each other.
Which is why I've tried to be
so patient and understanding.
But it feels like
if we aren't discussing
your parents in some capacity
then we aren't even speaking.
So. uh. last night after
enjoying my exquisite meal alone
I decided that maybe I'm...
maybe I've been doing
too much.
And maybe. maybe
we're not ready.
Uh. ready for what?
Exactly.
I'll see you later.
Mr. MIA.
Hey.
So. okay.
I know it feels like I've been
ducking you lately.
but it's not that at all.
Just hear me out.
I'm listening.
So. the uh. the reason
I've been so reluctant
to introduce you to the woman
that I'm seeing is.
well. you know. how you always
get on me
about ending relationships
the minute they get serious?
I didn't want to. I didn't want
to go through that.
So. that's why you've been
running around in secret?
That and I'm trying
something new like you said.
I just don't want to disappoint
you or myself anymore.
You know?
That means a lot. Dad.
But I am still your daughter.
I mean. you can't block me
out completely.
We were always honest
with each other. all right?
Even. even the boyfriends
you didn't like.
I still let you meet them.
Yeah.
So um...
About the woman that I'm seeing.
she's...
Dad. No. no pressure.
You know. honestly you
coming here today
and just opening out about
why you've been so secretive.
it's... it's
refreshing honestly.
You know I never
told you this
but I... I actually
signed up. Mom
on that dating site too
and she's been just as
tight-lipped as you.
And now it all makes sense.
It does?
Yeah.
When you and Mom got divorced
I was hurt.
I was... I was devastated.
And I blamed you. blamed her.
blamed myself.
And I prayed every night
that you two would somehow
find your way back to each
other again.
And when that didn't happen
I prayed that you'd at least
both find love again.
I think I just. I think I just
need to back off.
So. when you are ready to share
this mystery woman with me
then I will be here.
Until then if she is as special
as you say she is.
then she's the one you should
be sharing that with.
Come on.
Okay. Just keep it short
and simple.
Just tell her how you feel?
Oh!
You got the beat.
Really Brenda?
I apologize.
No. There's nothing
to apologize for.
Jack.
What is the matter
with you?
Are you seriously mad
right now?
Look. Maybe I overreacted.
I just. it just looked like-
Looked like what?
I'm at work.
Well. I thought I was
interrupting something.
There's nothing for you
to interrupt.
I... you know what?
I don't want to defend myself
over nothing.
What does that mean?
It means that you're parading
around here
like I owe you something.
What are you talking about?
I never said that.
You don't have to say it.
Your actions say it.
Jack. our long walks
and cooking together
and all the stuff
we used to do.
it's been fun. but
we know this routine.
What are we really doing?
I don't know. Brenda.
Maybe dating.
Maybe trying to rediscover
what we had.
It's hard for me to casually
date someone
it took me years
to get over.
And rediscovering? We had
20 years to do that.
The only reason we're together
now is by accident.
Are you saying this whole thing
is an accident?
No. I didn't mean it
to sound like that.
That's not what I meant.
I just. I...
Maybe it's best that
we just both move on.
Gotcha. Yeah.
I wish the best for you.
up.
But since tomorrow's
our anniversary
I went ahead and I booked us
a room for the night.
It's last minute
but apparently it's one of those
couple getaway retreats.
Kam already agreed to take
all my late appointments
so I should be done early.
You hate it.
No. I don't hate it. Alicia.
I um...
I'm just losing faith.
And uh. I want to believe you.
But. I guess. I guess we'll see.
I get that.
And you will see.
For now just find an excuse
to call out of work
and we can start packing.
This is going to be a good thing
for us. babe.
Oh.
Answer it.
I won't be long. okay?
Hey Mom. What. what?
Slow down.
What?
I... I can um. I can try.
I can try and make it.
Everything okay?
Um. no. Actually. my mom
and her guy friend.
they called it off.
Go take care of your mother.
What? No. no babe.
We just said this weekend
is about us.
And it is. This weekend
it's you and me.
But we both know realistically
you can't be fully with me
if your mother's suffering so.
It's okay.
Okay. Um. I won't be long.
I promise.
For now maybe just start packing
and I will give you a call as
soon as I'm on my way back.
I love you.
Oh. Look at all those flavors.
Do you know what you're
going to have?
I'm good with cream
and sugar.
I mean you can keep
all those lattes and fraps
or whatever else
you call them.
Hey. You okay?
You seem a little off.
No. no. no. I'm fine.
I'm just. I just got a lot
on my mind. that's all.
Well. hopefully I'm helping.
Relationships are such
a headache.
Now. I remember why I stayed
single for so long.
Well. it's been a minute
since you've been in the game.
but it hasn't changed much.
Well. it's your fault
I'm dating.
That's why it's my treat.
Dad.
Princess. Brenda.
Um. what are you guys
doing here?
Oh. this is awkward.
I know it's been a while but
you two can still speak. right?
Hi Jack. It's nice
to see you.
Um. listen. I uh...
Alicia. Hi.
So Jada is the mystery woman?
I'm the what?
Mom. you okay?
- I gotta go.
- Mom?
Brenda. I can explain.
Explain what?
I'm... I'm confused. Dad.
Dad? Are you serious?
I was going to tell you
and I...
But you didn't.
Jack. what is going on?
Um. Jada look. I'm sorry.
This. this was a mistake.
I'm so sorry.
You should've seen
the look on her face.
She was devastated.
And he was just standing there
looking silly.
We don't have
to force tomorrow.
I know your mom's...
About that.
Remember how you said that
you knew that I wouldn't be able
to focus on us knowing that my
mom's going through something?
Uh-huh.
Well. I kind of invited her.
Alicia.
Did you seriously invite your
mom on our romantic getaway?
Uh. it sounds bad when you say
it out loud. but yes.
She'll have her own room.
It's not like she'll be with us.
Arnold. she was so sad.
If you'd seen her...
Okay. Fine.
I... I'll just tell her
that she can't come.
You don't have anything to say?
Actually. I don't.
Nothing other than what
I've already been saying.
Is it cool that your mom
is joining us on our trip?
Of course it's not.
But last thing she needs is
another man rejecting her so.
Well. you should probably
get that.
We both know it's for you.
Did I come at a bad time?
Can we please cut
the point of small talk?
You were seeing Mom
this whole time
without telling me
just to go back to Jada.
No. No.
That's not what happened.
at all.
Your mother actually
rejected me.
Jada just happened to call
at the right time and...
It was a mistake.
You know I saw your mother
with a guy from work
and you know. after she
turned me down...
Guy from work.
Professor Staples?
I don't know what you saw
or thought you saw.
But I can promise you right now
Mom is not thinking about him.
Regardless. how...
How do you two run around
behind my back?
Look. we just decided
to keep it a secret
at least until we knew
what we were doing.
And then when you and I met up
and you told me how
the divorce affected you I
didn't know how to tell you.
Neither one of us did.
Princess. the last thing
we wanted to do was hurt you.
As bad as I feel you have
to understand.
your mother and I.
we're grown.
Yeah. We're going
to make mistakes.
But that's for us
to figure out.
Just like I have no right
being all up in you
and Arnold's business.
And I'm sorry you got involved
in this mess.
The truth is I still love
your mother very much.
As crazy as it might sound.
losing her this time around
just made me realize how much
I've been missing her all along.
As usual my overbearing
ways backfired
and. I guess. I came on
too strong for your mother.
You know. leave it up to me
to get in my own way.
Always trying to control things
that I should just leave
to the universe.
You have to know when to lead
and... and when to follow.
Yeah. I guess you're right.
Dad. Please don't reach out
to Mom if you're not serious.
I gotta go finish packing.
You can let yourself out.
Once again we're so honored
to be hosting you all.
This resort is truly
about lovers.
Or those simply looking
to disconnect from the world
for a while.
to give that system
a recharge.
So. who's ready to take
a look?
Who brought the stuffed animals
to the party?
Okay. let's go in.
Here you two go.
So nice. right?
Wow. It's beautiful.
I agree. Please look around.
I can take you to your room.
Yeah.
Oh. don't forget about
the banquet dinner tonight
in the guest hall.
It will be free food and music.
You'll love the décor.
Sounds good.
Thank you.
This way.
Okay. I don't want to do this.
You were right.
Spending our anniversary
with my mom is not cool.
Regardless of the circumstances
I shouldn't have brought
her here.
Alicia. it's bigger than that.
I know.
Do you?
Because every time
you say that
your actions don't seem
to match.
I know I keep doing the same
thing over and over again.
It's like I can't stop.
And I get it.
I'm unintentionally
pushing you away.
It's working.
You asked me why
I've been obsessed
with my parents' happiness
and it finally hit me.
I'm scared.
Scared of what?
Living my own life.
After I spoke to my dad
I realized that I've been trying
to control everything.
Even the things
that I can't control.
And trying to solve their issues
because I figured well.
if I can find a way to keep them
happy then maybe our life
could have that fairy tale
ending that theirs didn't.
And now I'm spiraling
and I'm turning our marriage
into this self-fulfilling
prophecy
that could end in us one day
becoming strangers.
And I can't lose you.
I can't.
This is the closest
that I have felt to you
in I don't even know how long.
I miss us. I miss our intimacy.
There's so much
that I want for us.
Like growing our family?
I know. You've dropped your fair
share of subtle hints.
I see.
I want kids too.
I just. I have these flashbacks
of when my parents split.
and it was just like watching
a mountain crumble.
And I don't want that
for our child.
What if that's us?
What if it's not?
Where you see doubt. I see hope.
I've never doubted us
because I see the way
that my dad
still looks at my mom
to this day.
Yet I realize that that's
their story.
We are the authors
of our own story.
And I look forward to writing
each and every chapter with you.
All I ask is in our book.
we play the main characters.
Okay. Alicia?
I need my wife.
For me. For me. babe.
Hi.
Hi. Wow. this is nice.
It's exactly the same
as your room.
I just. I don't know if this was
such a good idea.
Are you kidding me?
This was a terrible idea.
It was a terrible idea.
So bad.
I'm so sorry I didn't tell you
about me and your father.
Mom. You've apologized enough.
Look. I get it.
You two are grown and you didn't
want me to get involved.
Which you did anyway.
But that's fine.
I was trying to protect you.
I didn't need protection.
Yeah.
I understand that more
than you know.
I didn't even realize
I still cared
until I saw him
with that other woman.
It didn't feel good. huh?
Nope. Not at all.
Well. maybe there's
still something there
for you two to work out.
Hmm. Been there done that.
You know. not that you care.
but I spoke to Dad
and he told me that Jada didn't
mean anything to him.
That he was hurt and confused
when you rejected him.
No. but I didn't reject...
Wait. he said that?
Nope. Not going to do it.
Not this time.
I am staying out.
I'm not getting involved.
Learned my lesson.
Anyway. what are you
wearing tonight?
I'm wearing my pajamas.
And I have a good book.
No. No. no. no.
No. that's not what's happening.
You're coming downstairs.
You're going to have dinner
with us and there'll be dancing.
Enjoy that.
Maybe.
Maybe. Sounds like a yes.
No. no. It's a maybe.
Wear your best dress.
I'll see you downstairs.
Love you!
Come on. more dancing.
Let's build up that floor.
♪ Someone to lean on
♪ You can think of me
♪ Think of me all the time
Think of me all the time ♪
Should I ask her if she wants
to dance?
No. She'll probably think
you're just taking pity on her.
- Maybe I'll go.
- Okay.
Actually. why would I do that
when I have this fine sexy man
right in front of me?
Thank you.
It looks like she's still
got it. though.
Yeah. but she won't give it
away to anyone.
Are you waiting for someone?
Excuse me?
Alicia. come on.
I know you too well.
You told your dad we'd be here
hoping that he'd show up.
Maybe. But I also told him not
to show up
if he wasn't serious.
I guess he wasn't.
Let's go.
Okay. I know you're not tired.
The night is too young.
Yes. which is why you should
be out there.
No. Maybe later.
Come on.
Please stop trying
to cheer me up.
It's way too depressing.
Come on.
You've got to show me some
of those legendary dance moves.
Yes.
All right.
Yes. do it.
Have fun.
♪ Sometimes loving is so
so hard to do. ♪
♪ There are times
we hurt each other ♪
♪ Just trying to make
it through ♪
♪ We've come too far together
- Whoa.
- Whoa. yeah.
May I have this dance?
What are you doing here?
Isn't it obvious?
♪ I see the crystal
raindrops fall ♪
This is me wanting back
the best thing
that's ever happened
to me.
♪ Is when the sun comes
shining through ♪
Hey. look 'em up.
♪ To make those rainbows
in my mind ♪
♪ When I think of
you sometime ♪
What happens
when the music stops?
Who says it has to?
♪ Just the two of us
♪ We can make it if we try
Hey. can we go somewhere
and talk?
♪ Just the two of us
just the two of us ♪
Yeah.
♪ Just the two of us
♪ Building castles in the sky
You uh. look as beautiful
as you did
the night I proposed to you.
Like you'd remember.
Two piece black suit.
Matching black pumps.
Gold charm necklace that your
parents gave you for graduation.
Okay.
I don't like it when you make me
blush when I don't want to.
Is that such a bad thing?
If you can't keep it going.
That's fair.
So look. first of all I wanted
to apologize
for what happened
at the coffee shop.
It wasn't what you thought.
okay?
I know it's cliché to say
that you don't know
what you've got until it's gone.
but it's true.
You said we reconnected
by accident
and you're right. we did.
But that doesn't make
what I feel any less valid.
I want to be clear.
I didn't come here to romance
you for the weekend.
I want this for a lifetime.
Well. what would be different
this time around?
I mean the. the time
that we've spent together
is showing how much
we've grown.
Think about it.
You weren't always checking in
at work and I even let you pay.
Well. once.
You know Brenda. I never
wanted that divorce.
In my mind it was always going
to work itself out
but it took me this time
around to realize
that it can't work itself out
if you stop working.
You're absolutely right
about that.
Well. the beauty is
we have now.
Yeah.
Most people don't get a second
chance at their first love.
And you were
and are my only.
Look. I'll be the first
to admit I can be a lot.
But you gotta understand
that you pulling away.
it didn't help either.
I do understand that.
I should've told you
how I felt and I'm sorry.
It's. you know. most important
thing is we're here now
and we're talking.
And I mean I'm ready
to tell you
and the whole world
how I feel about you.
Please.
What? You don't believe me?
The whole world.
All right. Come on.
Come here.
Good evening everyone.
Sorry to interrupt.
I hope you're all
enjoying this. uh.
this. this. this beautiful
evening for lovers.
But there's someone special
here tonight that's on my mind.
I'm sorry. can we get like
a light or something?
Thank you.
Brenda Anne Roberts.
The love of my life.
Recently our daughter.
wave baby.
She reconnected us
after years of separation.
The thing I learned in
that time apart is that
true love always
finds its way home.
You know Brenda. in
rediscovering us I found myself.
Marrying you was the best
decision I ever made.
Somehow. I allowed myself
to lose you
was the worst error ever.
You were growing and I didn't
know how to handle it.
But I'm learning.
And I uh. excuse me...
I will never dim
your light again.
In fact. I promise to support
and encourage you
every step along the way
as we grow together.
You asked me what I wanted
the night that we reconnected
on our first date.
I just want to be
what you need.
You know? A partner
in this work.
Companion on this journey.
I want to be the man
that you always felt
that I had to protect you
to be.
Um...
Will you marry me.
Mrs. Roberts. again?
Of course I will.
♪ I'm coming home. coming home.
coming home ♪
Alicia: Okay. wait one moment.
We all love a happy ending
and all.
but didn't you just hear me
agree with my husband
that we will be playing the main
characters in our own story.
So. yes. my parents
are remarried.
My dad gave my mom
space to grow.
which allowed her
to fully receive his love.
She made sure to make him more
of a priority and work less.
And thankfully for us. they are
no longer in my hair. and so...
We finally made time for us and
welcomed our beautiful baby girl
Elise Leanne Owens
to the world.
- I love you.
I love you.
I love you too.
Stop. Let them have
their moment. Come on.
We love you too. Dad.
I'm just saying hi
to my granddaughter.
I know...
Is that going to be us
in 20 years?
To infinity.
Hm.
I am so happy I found my wife.
And I am so thankful you never
stopped searching.
Alicia: As you can see.
everyone started to grow.
Arnold and I rediscovered
our love
by getting back to the basics.
Keep God and family first
and everything else
will work itself out.
♪ Oh yeah. oh yeah.
oh yeah ♪
♪ No place I'd rather be